README.md, before:

# Portable-TLauncher
> A more portable version of TLauncher. Portable in the sense that we already have the required files needed for the program to run.

# Licensing Notices
SnappyTeam does not own Minecraft or the TLauncher software. TLauncher is owned and held by the TLauncher developers. Minecraft is owned and held by Mojang and Microsoft. Please do not use TLauncher for illegal purposes.

# Setup Tutorial
TLauncher works by the executable file that is created during installation process and placed in the user AppData foler. What we did was take the files that are needed for it to actually run and just wrapped it up in an easy to download method for a portable experience. Portable is a strong term for this project as it still creates folders and files for TLauncher to actually use so semi-portable in the sense you can take it anywhere without installing.

- Download Portable-TLauncher
- Extract Files
- Run TLauncher.exe
- Let It Run And Create Directory Folders
- Close TLauncher
- Place Folders In Portable-TLauncher In Correct AppData Directory
- Run TLauncher.exe
- Minecraft 1.14.4 Should Be Installed By Default
- Run That Version
- Complete!

Commit message:

One Final Update
Hopefully final needed update for README file.

README.md, after:

# Portable-TLauncher
> A more portable version of TLauncher. Portable in the sense that we already have the required files needed for the program to run.

# Licensing / Copyright Notices
SnappyTeam does not own Minecraft or the TLauncher software. TLauncher is owned and held by the TLauncher developers. Minecraft is owned and held by Mojang and Microsoft. Please do not use TLauncher for illegal purposes.

# Setup Tutorial
TLauncher works by the executable file that is created during installation process and placed in the user AppData foler. What we did was take the files that are needed for it to actually run and just wrapped it up in an easy to download method for a portable experience. Portable is a strong term for this project as it still creates folders and files for TLauncher to actually use so semi-portable in the sense you can take it anywhere without installing.

- Download Portable-TLauncher
- Extract Files
- Run TLauncher.exe
- Let It Run And Create Directory Folders
- Close TLauncher
- Place Folders In Portable-TLauncher In Correct AppData Directory
- Run TLauncher.exe
- Minecraft 1.14.4 Should Be Installed By Default
- Run That Version
- Complete!

# TLauncher Version
Currently this portable TLauncher version is the latest that was available on 1/27/2021 so hopefully TLauncher auto-updates as this project isn't going to be updated and was mainly a means for me to play Minecraft easier without needing to install TLauncher.
